- I'm really rich.
I'll show you that in a sec.
- So, Trump is
no longer president,
but he is still
the dominant fundraiser
in the Republican Party.
He has immense name recognition.
And for anyone who has signed up
to receive his committee's
text messages or e-mails,
you will know that many of them
come rapidly each day.
And it appears
that his supporters
are susceptible to that,
that it's a vehicle
for them to give,
largely in small increments.
When his operation announced
recently that they had raised
about $51 million
in the last 6 months of 2021,
they said that 98% of donations
were under $200.
So, it really does show the kind
of grassroots support
that still exists out there
for him in the country.
I would say everything
about this is rare.
We have an ex-president
who has been kicked off
major social-media platforms.
Those platforms were once
his mechanism
of connecting
directly to his base.
And so, it is quite rare for him
to still be bringing
in this kind of money.
- This November, you have to
throw these raving lunatics
the hell out of power
and elect strong,
smart, tough Republicans.
- So, he's got about $122
million in the bank
across a couple of committees
that he's using to fundraise.
And one kind of interesting
point
is that one of these is
what's called a leadership PAC.
And he has really
broad discretion
on how to use
this money --
travel, political events,
really, you name it.
One of the things
that he can't do
is use it to finance
his own candidacy.
So, he has not yet announced
a campaign for 2024,
and if he were to do so,
that would complicate
some of this.
It would trigger campaign-
finance requirements
that could potentially
snarl the discretion
that he currently
has to use these funds
basically as he pleases
and in ways that essentially
amount to a campaign lite.
One other notable transfer
from his committees
other than to some of these
candidates and other causes
was to a conservative nonprofit
that recently brought
on Mark Meadows,
Trump's former chief of staff,
as a senior partner.
So, we're seeing ways in which
he's using
some of these resources
to funnel money to allies
and to reward people
who remain loyal to him.
- I also want to thank
President Trump for his support.
He is a critical part
of our Republican team.
- And one key question will be
how this money is spent.
We saw in the most recent
filing,
which came out
at the end of January,
that there were some transfers
to state
and federal candidates
and committees,
like-minded candidates
and state parties and so on.
But those ultimately accounted
for just a fraction of the money
that he's bringing in.
So, I've talked to some people
in the party
who think that he has brought
so many of these supporters
into the fold
that it doesn't
necessarily trade off
with the traditional avenues
of GOP fundraising,
party fundraising,
and that it can
only benefit the party.
But I think that there will be
mounting questions
about how this money
is being spent
and whether it's really
being spent in a way
that is an asset
to the Republican Party
or to Donald Trump.